In the age of AI, Namman, who still makes
decisions and investments with his human head, implements his own AI investment
agent and entrusts the investment to him
[Music].
Comprehensive AI analysis of chart analysis, market psychology, and the latest news makes
investments 24 hours a day, 24 hours a day, fully automatically.  In addition,
rather than simply acting according to a set strategy, the
AI ​​can provide your investment philosophy
and make you invest.
This is not the end, we will
also create a structure where the AI ​​can reflect on itself and develop again.
I will tell you step by step how to create it.  Then,
follow the direction and take a look directly.
Please try implementing it. A new investment method in the AI ​​era. Let’s
create investment automation yourself, entrusted to GPT.